---
layout: post
title: "github 空间大小"
category: [红楼梦,11,22,33,33,44,55,66,77,333,333,333,44,55,aa,ss,d,f,g,h]
description: "githbu size"
tags: [github,git]
---
[FROM](https://help.github.com/articles/what-is-my-disk-quota/)   
##What is my disk quota?   
GitHub doesn't have any set disk quotas. We try to provide abundant storage for all Git repositories, within reason(理智的，合理的；合情合理). Keeping repositories small ensures that our servers are fast and downloads are quick for our users.   
##Rule of thumb(经验法则): 1GB per repository, 100MB per file   
For best performance, we recommend repositories be kept under 1GB each. This limit is easy to stay within if large files (typically, binaries) are kept out of the repository. If your repository exceeds 1GB, you might receive a polite email from support requesting that you reduce the size of the repository to bring it back down under 1GB.   

In addition, we place a strict limit of files exceeding 100 MB in size. For more information on why this is, see "[Working with large files](https://help.github.com/articles/working-with-large-files)."   
到底github空间大小是否有限制，现在还很难说清楚，但是文件的大小就是限制死了，文件最大只能是100M   



##Working with large files
While Git is terrific for a great number of use cases, it has trouble with large files. If you are pushing large files to GitHub, you might want to evaluate your workflow to make sure those files are truly necessary. Game assets, such as graphics, might be required for your repository, while SQL database dumps probably aren't.    

GitHub warns you when you try to add a file larger than 50 MB. Pushes containing files larger than 100 MB are rejected for a few reasons.   
单个文件超过50M只会警告，但是超过100M就会直接拒绝   

In many cases, committing large files is unintentional and causes unneeded repository bloat. Every time someone clones a repository with a large file, they'll have to fetch that file, adding excess time to their download.    

In addition, if a repository is 10 GB in size, Git's architecture requires another 10 GB of extra free space available at all times. This allows Git to move the files around in its normal course of operations. Unfortunately, this also means that we must be much less flexible with how we store these repositories.   

一个10GB的仓库，git会要求另外10GB空闲的硬盘空间，这个量就比较大了，可能就是这个原因，如果超过一定的大小的话github就会限制你仓库的大小，不过我没有测试过，而且文档也没有写明，只是推测   
###Warnings and errors on push
When pushing to GitHub, you'll receive a warning or error message if you either add a new file or update an existing file that is larger than 50 MB.   

The messages on push tell you which files are causing problems:   

	# remote: warning: Large files detected.
	# remote: warning: File big_file is 55.00 MB; this is larger than GitHub's recommended maximum file size of 50 MB

The push with `big_file` is received and saved into the repository on GitHub, but you should consider removing the file and the commit entirely.   

	# remote: warning: Large files detected.
	# remote: error: File giant_file is 123.00 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit of 100 MB

This push was rejected because of `giant_file`. The commits pushed are not saved into the repository on GitHub.   
###Fixing the problem

Warning: This will remove the file entirely from your computer and GitHub. You should make a backup copy if the file is important.  

To fix the problem, you'll want to completely remove the large file from Git. If the file was added with your most recent commit, you can just delete the file and amend the commit.    

Enter the following in your command line:    

	git rm --cached giant_file
	# Stage our giant file for removal, but leave it on disk

	git commit --amend -CHEAD
	# Amend the previous commit with your change
	# Simply making a new commit won't work, as you need
	# to remove the file from the unpushed history as well

	git push
	# Push our rewritten, smaller commit

You may need to remove large files from far back in your repository history; the quickest way to do this is with The BFG (a faster, simpler alternative to git-filter-branch):

bfg --strip-blobs-bigger-than 50M
# Git history will be cleaned - files in your latest commit will *not* be touched   

See The BFG's documentation for full usage and download instructions.   

Excessively large files that have already been pushed to your GitHub repositories. However, if you update any of these files locally, you won't be able to push the update.  
##Alternatives   

Our article on managing your repository's size has some helpful information on working with large media files, as well as a list of suggested places to store your files online.  



